#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Abstract
Pedestrian detection is a key problem in computer vision and is a key element
 in vision systems for autonomous vehicles.
 For autonomous vehicles it is a very important task.
 The main reason is safety.
 The pedestrian detection algorithms were explored widely and thoroughly
 by a wide range of explorers.
 Perhaps the best algorithm that can be found today in the pedestrian detection
 community is the algorithms and open code written by Piotr Dollar, which
 we are going to use in our work.
 However, detecting the pedestrians is just one piece of the puzzle, and
 the other piece is to map the pedestrian in the three dimensional world.
 In this paper we will show our results of working with Dollar’s algorithm
 and our implementation for detecting and mapping.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
